So what is going to be the first answer that comes to mind is that it is a testing framework that allows
us to write unit tests in Java, which is true.
Let's have a look at its architecture.
G.
Unit five is a combination of three things.
It is a combination of G unit platform, Gene and Jupiter API and new unit vintage test engine.
The first component of Gene five is such a unique platform.
It is a core platform that serves as a foundation for lunch in testing frameworks on JVM, and it provides
a testing gene for developing and running testing framework on the platform.
Most popular Java development environments like NetBeans, Intel, AIG, Eclipse and built tools like
Gradle even and and they all provide first class support for a unique platform.
And we can use this tools today to run unit tests.
All right.
So think of it as a platform that runs two unit tests that you create.
The second component is G unit Jupyter API, and it is a combination of a new programming model and
extension model for writing tests and extensions in G Unit five.
So Jupyter is a name of the API and Jupyter API is what we used to write Unity and Java.
These are different notations and assertions that we use in our test methods.
And then it also has an extension API that allows us to create our own version of Test API that we can
use.
Additionally to Jupiter, the third component is G unit vintage in G unit, meaning that is a test engine
for running all the unit test.
And before grade five there were junior three and four.
So G Unit Vintage provides us with a test engine to run DNA test methods written with older version
of G unit API.
Because of G unit vintage, we can have a project that contains unit tests written with all the G Unit
API and G unit members returned with a newer API version called Jupiter.
Right?
So together these three components make up G these five that we will use in this video, of course.